  I created LinkedListPlus2 to act similar to the linked list given in java but with some differences and additional functions. The shift functions move digits of the number off of the side of the number. The rotate functions move all of the digits of the number in one direction and allows digits to wrap around to the other side of the number. 
  ReallyLongInt2 extends LinkedListPlus2 in order to store each digit of an integer in a linked list. In ReallyLongInt2, integers can be constructed into a linked list. ReallyLongInt2 objects can be printed, added, subtracted, multiplied, compared to, and checked if equivalent to another object. All of these methods call private recursive methods rather than perform iteratively within the method.
  For extra credit, I made ReallyLongInt3, which does everything ReallyLongInt2 can, but also accepts and handles negative numbers. To test it, I made the class ExtraCredRLITest3.java
  Doing all this required changing the string and long constructors to create negative numbers, changing the add, subtract, and multiply functions to handle every case involving completing operations with negative numbers, in addition to all of their recursive functions. I also changed the compareTo function to handle negative numbers. I didn’t have to change the equals function, but I did slightly anyway. I also made a function called positiveCopy() which returns a ReallyLongInt3 object that is a positive version of the original object. I commented throughout the class, hopefully the comments are helpful.
